Raids/ZG/README.md, before:

<b><a href="https://github.com/MOUZU/BigWigs"> Return to the Overview </a></b>

<br \><br \>
# Zul'Gurub

## High Priestess Jeklik
- <b>(99%)</b> Heal (Phase 2), added 'Next' timer with 20s

## High Priest Venoxis

## High Priestess Mar'li

## Bloodlord Mandokir
- <b>(QA)</b> added locale to trigger combat start
- <b>(100%)</b> added 'Next Whirlwind' bar with 20s
- <b>(QA)</b> added 'Charge' bar with the first one 15. Need trigger for the ones following that, the following should get +30s
- <b>(100%)</b> added 'Next Gaze' bar with 12s (should be 20s counting from 'Incoming Gaze')
- <b>(100%)</b> added missing locale for 'Incoming Gaze'

## High Priest Thekal

## High Priestess Arlokk
- <b>(QA)</b> added locale to trigger combat
- <b>(QA)</b> added 'Next Vanish' bar with 35s (should be accurate)
- <b>(99%)</b> fixed trigger for Vanish, so 'Vanish' bar should display but it can't be 100% accurate

## Jin'do the Hexxer

## Gahz'ranka

## Hakkar the Soulflayer
- <b>(100%)</b> Mind Control, fixed Next timer to only appear after the current was finished and changed the value to 11s.
- <b>(100%)</b> Blood Siphon, first timer got its timer adjusted by -1s
- <b>(QA)</b> WarnIcon, WindSerpent icon appears when you've hit the 30s mark to the next Blood Siphon. The icon shall disappear either when you've gained the blood from the Pet or the Blood Siphon starts.

## Edge of Madness

<br \><br \>
##### Prefix legend
- <b>(100%)</b>  = it's working flawless
- <b>(99%)</b>   = it's working as good as it can be (from my research)
- <b>(QA)</b>    = <b>Q</b>uality <b>A</b>ssurance (need to test its modified state)
- <b>(DG)</b>    = <b>D</b>ata <b>G</b>athering (need to gather more data regarding this matter)

Commit message:

implementing new Addcounter algorithm
+ few cleanups

Raids/ZG/README.md, after:

<b><a href="https://github.com/MOUZU/BigWigs"> Return to the Overview </a></b>

<br \><br \>
# Zul'Gurub

## High Priestess Jeklik
- <b>(99%)</b> Heal (Phase 2), added 'Next' timer with 20s

## High Priest Venoxis
- <b>(QA)</b> Addcounter, new Counting algorithm (only compatible with users of LYQs BigWigs). Users with older versions may receive the sync but can not send.
- <b>(DG)</b> maybe a WarnIcon when standing in a poison cloud in p2 

## High Priestess Mar'li

## Bloodlord Mandokir
- <b>(QA)</b> added locale to trigger combat start
- <b>(100%)</b> added 'Next Whirlwind' bar with 20s
- <b>(QA)</b> added 'Charge' bar with the first one 15. Need trigger for the ones following that, the following should get +30s
- <b>(100%)</b> added 'Next Gaze' bar with 12s (should be 20s counting from 'Incoming Gaze')
- <b>(100%)</b> added missing locale for 'Incoming Gaze'

## High Priest Thekal

## High Priestess Arlokk
- <b>(QA)</b> added locale to trigger combat
- <b>(QA)</b> added 'Next Vanish' bar with 35s (should be accurate)
- <b>(99%)</b> fixed trigger for Vanish, so 'Vanish' bar should display but it can't be 100% accurate

## Jin'do the Hexxer

## Gahz'ranka

## Hakkar the Soulflayer
- <b>(100%)</b> Mind Control, fixed Next timer to only appear after the current was finished and changed the value to 11s.
- <b>(100%)</b> Blood Siphon, first timer got its timer adjusted by -1s
- <b>(QA)</b> WarnIcon, WindSerpent icon appears when you've hit the 30s mark to the next Blood Siphon. The icon shall disappear either when you've gained the blood from the Pet or the Blood Siphon starts.

## Edge of Madness

<br \><br \>
##### Prefix legend
- <b>(100%)</b>  = it's working flawless
- <b>(99%)</b>   = it's working as good as it can be (from my research)
- <b>(QA)</b>    = <b>Q</b>uality <b>A</b>ssurance (need to test its modified state)
- <b>(DG)</b>    = <b>D</b>ata <b>G</b>athering (need to gather more data regarding this matter)
