BigWigs/BWL/README.md, before:

<b><a href="https://github.com/MOUZU/BigWigs"> Return to the Overview </a></b>

<br \><br \>
# Blackwing Lair

## Razorgore the Untamed
- <b>(QA)</b> First Wave, adjusted Bar and its Warning from 29s to 46s
- <b>(DG)</b> Control Orb, is the timer correct?
- <b>(DG)</b> Mindcontrol, is the timer correct?
- <b>(DG)</b> Conflagration, seems to be RNG
- <b>(DG)</b> Fireball Volley, seems to be RNG

## Vaelastrasz the Corrupt
- <b>(QA)</b> Combat Trigger, adjusted timers from 36/26/10 to 38/28/12 AND adjusted enUS locales to trigger combat
- <b>(100%)</b> Burning Adrenaline, seems to be correct

## Broodlord Lashlayer
- <b>(QA)</b> Blast Wave, increased the timer for the one and its warning from 12 to 17s (CAN NOT BE 100% ACCURATE)
- <b>(DG)</b> Mortal Strike, seems to have a 26s cooldown, seems not to be a timed cast
- <b>(DG)</b> Blastwave, seems to have a 25s cooldown, seems not to be a timed cast

## Firemaw
- <b>(100%)</b> Flame Buffet
- <b>(QA)</b> Wing Buffet, adjusted first timer from 18 to 30s
- <b>(QA)</b> Shadow Flame, added 'Next' timer with 14s
 
## Ebonroc
- <b>(QA)</b> Shadow of Ebonroc, added first timer with 8s
- <b>(QA)</b> Shadow Flame, added 'Next' timer with 14s
- <b>(QA)</b> Wing Buffet, adjusted first timer from 18 to 29s

## Flamegor
- <b>(QA)</b> Wing Buffet, adjusted first timer from 18 to 28s
- <b>(QA)</b> Shadow Flame, added 'Next' timer with 14s
- <b>(QA)</b> Frenzy, added 'Next' timer with 10s, added a second trigger since it seemed that BigWigs didn't catch it 100%

## Chromaggus
- <b>(QA)</b> First & Second Breath, adjusted from 60 and 30 to 58.5s and 28.5s
- <b>(QA)</b> Frenzy, added 'Next' timer with 15s

## Nefarian


<br \><br \>
##### Prefix legend
- <b>(100%)</b>  = it's working flawless
- <b>(99%)</b>   = it's working as good as it can be (from my research)
- <b>(QA)</b>    = <b>Q</b>uality <b>A</b>ssurance (need to test its modified state)
- <b>(DG)</b>    = <b>D</b>ata <b>G</b>athering (need to gather more data regarding this matter)

Commit message:

Nefarian overhaul #1 and variables reformating #2

BigWigs/BWL/README.md, after:

<b><a href="https://github.com/MOUZU/BigWigs"> Return to the Overview </a></b>

<br \><br \>
# Blackwing Lair

## Razorgore the Untamed
- <b>(QA)</b> First Wave, adjusted Bar and its Warning from 29s to 46s
- <b>(DG)</b> Control Orb, is the timer correct?
- <b>(DG)</b> Mindcontrol, is the timer correct?
- <b>(DG)</b> Conflagration, seems to be RNG
- <b>(DG)</b> Fireball Volley, seems to be RNG

## Vaelastrasz the Corrupt
- <b>(QA)</b> Combat Trigger, adjusted timers from 36/26/10 to 38/28/12 AND adjusted enUS locales to trigger combat
- <b>(100%)</b> Burning Adrenaline, seems to be correct

## Broodlord Lashlayer
- <b>(QA)</b> Blast Wave, increased the timer for the one and its warning from 12 to 17s (CAN NOT BE 100% ACCURATE)
- <b>(DG)</b> Mortal Strike, seems to have a 26s cooldown, seems not to be a timed cast
- <b>(DG)</b> Blastwave, seems to have a 25s cooldown, seems not to be a timed cast

## Firemaw
- <b>(100%)</b> Flame Buffet
- <b>(QA)</b> Wing Buffet, adjusted first timer from 18 to 30s
- <b>(QA)</b> Shadow Flame, added 'Next' timer with 14s
 
## Ebonroc
- <b>(QA)</b> Shadow of Ebonroc, added first timer with 8s
- <b>(QA)</b> Shadow Flame, added 'Next' timer with 14s
- <b>(QA)</b> Wing Buffet, adjusted first timer from 18 to 29s

## Flamegor
- <b>(QA)</b> Wing Buffet, adjusted first timer from 18 to 28s
- <b>(QA)</b> Shadow Flame, added 'Next' timer with 14s
- <b>(QA)</b> Frenzy, added 'Next' timer with 10s, added a second trigger since it seemed that BigWigs didn't catch it 100%

## Chromaggus
- <b>(QA)</b> First & Second Breath, adjusted from 60 and 30 to 58.5s and 28.5s
- <b>(QA)</b> Frenzy, added 'Next' timer with 15s

## Nefarian
- <b>(QA)</b> Nefarian Landing, added a locale and a seperate Timer 'Landing NOW!' which has 13s and on the 14th second Nefarian is already on position and the tank should be too
- <b>(QA)</b> Class call, added first 'Possible Class call' (Not 100% accurate) with 27s, lowered the regular class call from 30s to 27s
- <b>(QA)</b> Fear, added first 'Possible Fear' (not 100% accurate) with 27s, increased regular fear from 23.5 to 27s. Changed the title of the casting fear from 'Possible Fear' to 'Fear NOW!'
- <b>(QA)</b> Shadow Flame, added first 'Possible Shadow Flame' (not 100% accurate) with 20s. The regular Shadow Flame comes around ~22s after the last(2s cast included) should I add a timer for that?


<br \><br \>
##### Prefix legend
- <b>(100%)</b>  = it's working flawless
- <b>(99%)</b>   = it's working as good as it can be (from my research)
- <b>(QA)</b>    = <b>Q</b>uality <b>A</b>ssurance (need to test its modified state)
- <b>(DG)</b>    = <b>D</b>ata <b>G</b>athering (need to gather more data regarding this matter)
